Pin cache version to the forge version (#3039)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: CHANGELOG.md

### Forge

#### Changed

> - From now the cache version is pinned to the forge version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fork cache version is pinned to the forge version.
```
